# Roadmap

Welcome to the Basejump AI roadmap! We share this roadmap so Users can see what we are working on and have coming down the pipeline soon.

The considering section are items we are thinking about adding. To give your thoughts on what we should develop next, please go to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/fUucrZyP7D) and let us know!

March 2025
:   
    - :white_check_mark: Add verification feature to chat.
    - :white_check_mark: "Strict mode": where the AI will only return results previously generated by the data team/admin users.
    - Integrations: Add Oracle, SQL Server, and Snowflake.
    - Add AWS S3 bucket storage option for users to store chat history and data results in their own storage.
    - Changing 'SQL' to 'Audit' and include reasoning explanation.
    - Add upload CSV feature.
    - Adding join guarantees so the AI will only use the defined joins in the metadata when defined. This will the improve the AI accuracy.

April 2025
:   
    - Add embedded chats.
    - Add Collections endpoints to the API.
    - Add AI model picker with other AI model options.

Considering
:   
    - Improve AI accuracy by leveraging reasoning models if the AI is not confident enough to answer the question.
    - VIEWER role: this role would be below MEMBER and would only allow the user to view data.
    - Allowing admins to upload SQL queries which can then be used as a data objects that are shareable.
    - Adding a 'ask a data analyst' button to send questions to the data team.